[music playing]
[explosions]
I asked who you were.
[smooches]
"One of the voices
is eternally angelic.
It is about me.
Sharply expresses itself,
those thousand questions
spreading their roots
bring in the end
only drunkenness and madness.
-Understanding...
-Is she with you, too?!
...so gay, so easy.
It is only wave, only flower,
and that is your family!
And then a voice,
how angelic it is."
[woman vocalizing]
[wheels grinding]
Hey, Eric, any activity in the--
Huh? What're you-- Hey!
What the hell are you doing?!
Quit shoving! That hurts!
Have you lost it?!
Hang on a second, Genie!
Did you ever
get your license renewed?!
Slow down, would you?!
Where the heck
you taking me?! Yaah!
[man] We don't have any
other choice. We have to try.
[man #2]
What are you talking about?
That plan would never work.
[woman] Then what
do you suggest?
[Mario]
Try and remain calm, everyone!
I know all of you are worried.
The Royal Police's Hazmat Team
is dealing with the situation
as we speak,
Bear with us just a bit longer.
[man #3] You've been singing
the same song all night!
[man #4] Tell the truth!
What's going on?!
[crowd murmuring]
What now?
I honestly don't know.
There's not a lot we can do
at a time like this.
We're going to make it out
in one piece, aren't we?
[Red laughs]
Ugly. How ugly.
Death is knocking at your door,
and this is the way you behave?
I'm not like you people.
I'm someone special!
I'm the one
who'll go down in history
as the very embodiment
of terror,
so I'll embrace death
with my head held high!
[wild laughter]
No finesse. It's like he
just slapped his code together.
Tech skills, one.
Specs are
an uninspired plagiarism.
Originality, zero.
I give offense
and defense a one.
Overall grade, D.
[sighs] A third-rate hack
of a malware writer, huh?
Disappointing, but that means...
2,700 seconds left.
I could kick his ass
three times over
with time to spare.
[wheels grinding]
[gasps]
"It is about me.
Sharply expresses itself
and sings at this moment
like a sister to breath.
With a German tone,
but ardent and full.
The world is vicious.
You can't deny it.
If that surprises you."
The king has landed.
I'll have my audience
in front of his father's grave.
[gasps]
Hmm.
[alarm beeping]
[gasping]
I'm in deep shit.
Are you frickin' kidding me?!
-Got it. I take it...
-[Blue muttering]
the black swan has taken flight
as planned, then.
I suppose I'll use the clowns
to make my exit from here.
[glove creaks]
Crap. There's no way
I can keep up with this guy.
Damn it, I'm getting
my ass kicked here.
Can we please
be done with this?!
Whoever this is,
he's the real deal!
We gotta jump ship.
Hey, are you listening to--
[gags]
Being oblivious to danger
is proof one has deteriorated
as a living thing.
Bye-bye.
-[grunting]
-[sawing]
[gasps]
It stopped.
The counterattack attempts
have stopped.
Did he realize
he was going to lose?
No way. He isn't
that fast on the uptake.
Maybe it's a trap
to lure us into the building,
or it could be they're using
some kind of tactic
to confuse us and slow us down,
or maybe they found themselves
in a situation
they didn't plan for.
Sink or swim time.
Whatever's happening out there,
it doesn't leave us
many options.
We'll have to take the bait,
play it by ear.
Jean, put me through
to the hazmat team.
On it.
[computer whirring]
-It's open.
-We're saved.
-[officer] They're coming out!
-[officer #2] Call it in!
[cell phone ringing]
Eric, it's Kaela.
You can just put her on speaker.
-[typing over phone]
-Eric?
Yes, Kaela, it's me.
You're on speaker.
I'm at headquarters
with Jean, Abbot, and Brody.
I'd prefer
to take the call like this.
I got the building's systems
back online.
That's excellent. Now I need you
to locate the poison gas.
I'm already on it, but there's
something bugging me.
Hmm? What is it?
While I was attacking
the system,
the criminals made
several desperate attempts
to stop me
from getting in their way,
but now they've gone dark.
It's gone dark?
Hmm.
Could be a trap.
-[crowd screaming]
-[man] No! It's the gas!
Run!
[gasps]
[groans]
[gasping]
[Eric] Mario, report!
Somebody talk to me!
Brandon, Lily, respond, damn it!
I can't believe this.
Shit.
[typing over phone]
Kaela, if you manipulate
the building's HVAC system
and direct the flow of air,
you should
be able to divert gas
into empty parts
of the building! Get on it!
There's a risk airtight rooms
will become starved of oxygen.
Plus if anyone's still
in those rooms, they'll--
I'll take responsibility!
Worry about the gas!
Hurry! There's no time to waste!
Roger that.
[fan whirring]
[groans]
[gasps]
Zeppole di... San Gius...
[Eric] Boris,
what's your current location?
Is Keith with you?!
Yeah, he's here!
We're northbound on Route 8!
Route 8?
Why are you out there?
No idea! Take it up with Keith!
[screaming]
Keith, we have
an emergency on our hands!
-Get back here immediately!
-Hmm?
The gas was released
throughout the tower.
What?! Run that by me again!
We can't get ahold
of any of our people
who were inside the building!
-Genie, we have to head back!
-[Eric continuing]
-Don't worry.
-[yelps]
[car horn honking]
[Keith] Sorry, Eric.
Deal with it yourself.
What are you talking about,
you idiot?!
Lily and the kids are in there.
[Keith] If it's been released.
-[gasps]
-If it has been released,
then the gas is fake,
a dispersal meant
to throw the scene into chaos.
They're trying to buy time and
probably cover their escape.
Where's your proof?
[Keith] Didn't you see it?
The criminal
is a myopic thinker,
an immature narcissist.
He's your basic
dumb, self-absorbed kid
obsessed with
superficial aesthetics.
That's harsh, even for you.
When a narcissist is writing
his autobiography,
his death is
a critical component.
Slowly dying in agony
as his skin blisters
from a modified corrosive gas,
you think he'd be okay
going out like that?
Look through
the old profiles again.
Nothing's there. Doesn't happen.
[Eric] You might be right.
Everything you've said
is still just a theory.
The fact of the matter is
we can't contact anyone inside.
It's a knockout gas, Eric.
Come on.
This incident and the IFV theft
have the same structure.
A sophisticated mind is working
toward another objective
under the cover of this chaos.
In other words, some group
is leeching off of crimes
to carry out their own
carefully planned ones.
Come to think of it, they might
even be manipulating crimes
that seem
like random occurrences.
A cycle of madness
is getting ready to break out.
We won't find our answers
on the surface,
but behind the scenes.
SOMEONE IS COMMITTING
MEANINGLESS CRIMES
FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE
OF LURING OUT B.
You're late.
Kamui wouldn't leave
until he made his stupid trash.
But the boys
were so excited about it,
as they were able to bring
their lamentable lives to an end
as part
of my magnificent collection.
That means they were pathetic
to the very end, weren't they?
[laughs]
Kamui, you haven't forgotten
about our objective, I trust?
Of course not.
That was just playtime.
The objective
was accomplished just fine.
And yet I don't see him
here with us.
You've selective hearing
regarding my orders,
a bad habit.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, Minatsuki,
do we really have to lug
the black-winged king
all the way back with us?
Yes. Those are our orders.
And do we have
to bring him back alive?
Yes. That's all we want.
I welcome you to Divine Days.
A few days every October,
Lake Lenan becomes
a gateway to the kingdom of God.
Souls dance with joy
in the dark.
[splashing]
[singer vocalizing]
Isn't it beautiful,
countless lights
in the darkness?
I absolutely love this place.
Just one little light
can be enough
to keep you from fearing
the dark or losing your way.
Do you understand
what I'm trying to tell you?
Light represents hope.
You can save your nonsense.
Tell me where she is!
If you don't start talking
right now, I'll kill you!
My, you're so easy to read.
Is she...
your light?
Are even your cherished
memories of her vague?
Let me guess.
You don't know much
about yourself either, do you?
That's why I can hear your
desperate shouting so clearly.
"Look at me! I'm right here!
You see?! I'm alive! I'm alive!
Somebody find me!"
[laughing]
I hate to tell you this,
but the only things here are us
and the spirits of the dead.
Out of all of us,
I'm the only one
who's actually spent time
with you, however briefly.
There was even a time
I lived only for you.
We watched
these very lights together.
That's the reason why I
lured you all the way here.
-I wanted to make you remember.
-[gasps]
Oh, dear. There go all my hopes.
That's depressing.
Koku...
I've been thinking lately
about the identity of the person
who locked away your memories.
[chuckles]
I've figured it out at last.
Tell me where she is.
The one who locked away
all of those memories
was none other than...
you, yourself.
I bet you wanted
to forget it all...
everything that happened
that day...
everything.
However...
if you think you can forget me,
you're dead wrong.
[slurps]
I won't let you,
and I'll never forgive you
for not choosing me!
[Keith] Where the heck is this?
-How should I know?
-Hmph.
So do you mind filling me in?
What in the world
are you chasing after, Keith?
I'm not sure.
Huh?
It's just something
I need to chase down.
Yes, but what are
you chasing down?
Don't know. I wish I knew.
[shudders]
Do yourself a favor,
and cut off my left leg.
It'll be useful to you someday.
Touch Canopus.
Do that, and...
[Koku] Canopus?
[woman groans]
Can you tell me your name?
Zeppole... di San Giuseppe.
Do you know
where you are right now, miss?
I'm...
[gasps, yells]
[overlapping chatter]
[Lily gasping]
Careful not
to sit up so quickly.
Are you feeling queasy?
Any discomfort?
We're alive?
I remember seeing gas
flood into the room,
but nothing after that.
They say it was
just knockout gas.
But one thing's for sure.
They got us good this time.
[Lily] So you're saying
our whack-job of a perp
was bluffing the entire time?
Well, no. There's apparently
evidence to the contrary.
What does that mean?
It means they did find
the poison gas.
They just didn't use it
for some reason.
-But, uh...
-Hmm?
[Mario] The way they found it
wasn't exactly normal.
[gags]
Looks like we just missed 'em.
[distant sirens]
[Brandon] In addition
to the criminals' skins,
they've also found
their remains.
-[Lily] Where?
-Uh...
I think you're better off
not knowing. If I told you,
it'd probably make you lose
your appetite for a while.
See, this ominous feeling
has been nagging at me.
-Hmm?
[overlapping chatter]
[Lily] Don't these latest cases
seem a bit strange to you?
I mean, as far as I know,
we didn't get any answers
in this case, either, right?
I feel like something strange
is going on in this city.
-[distant sirens]
-You get all serious for once,
and that's what you choose
to talk about?
But you should listen
to your gut.
I think it's right.
I'm positive it is!
Though when it comes to me,
"gut" has another meaning.
You're right,
but we've got trouble coming.
We have to do something.
[Mario]
"I shall faithfully uphold
the constitution
of the Kingdom of Cremona
and comply with all orders
decreed by our king.
I shall place them
before my duties
as an officer of the law
and demand they be obeyed."
"And with favor toward none
and with fear toward nothing,
without malice or ill will,
obeying only
my inner conscience..."
"...to safeguard the kingdom,
as well as the freedom and
rights of all her citizens,
I solemnly swear
to carry out my duties
as an officer of the law!"
-♪ Someday I'll be gone... ♪
-The day we took that oath,
the three of us became cops,
and damn good ones.
We just have to keep
solving cases one after another.
Honestly, that's all we can do.
But, as small as they are,
as those victories add up,
they'll eventually
grow into a clue
that will hopefully lead us
right to a breakthrough,
'cause that's what I think.
And having said all of that,
I still have no earthly idea
when that breakthrough
is gonna happen for us.
You're right.
Therefore, thinking
about all that other stuff
is a waste of time, right?
Yeah, I get it.
From now on,
I won't think anymore!
What?! That's not what he meant!
♪ Cursing shadows ♪
♪ Hunt and gather ♪
♪ In the city of no answer ♪
♪ As we follow
Endless questions ♪
♪ Hands up
In the same reflection ♪
♪ Sometimes we try to feel ♪
♪ How things just used to be
In yesterdays ♪
♪ Now or never,
Make it better ♪
♪ No one ever lives forever ♪
♪ Wake me up, and let me go ♪
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ To somewhere we all belong ♪
♪ For so long ♪
Subtitle translation By David Fleming